README.md, before:

# Welcome to the TechProAcademy Repository

## Description

This repository is a collection of guides, links and tools that have or will be used throughout the TechProAcademy Bootcamp.

## Useful Links

[VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) \
[Ubuntu 20.04 LTS](https://ubuntu.com/download/server#downloads) \
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) \
[MobaXterm](https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/download.html) - Alternatively use `ssh username@ip-address` for ssh connections.

## Installation

To get the repository, you can clone it using the following command:

```bash
sudo apt install git
git clone https://github.com/actuallylost/techpro.git
```

## Usage

You can run the installation script by typing the following:

```bash
bash install.sh
```

And then use the Shell GUI to install what is needed.

## Contribution

If you would like to contribute to this repository, you can do so through pull requests. Fork the repository, make the changes, and then make a pull request with your changes.

## License

This repository is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. You can find the license in the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

docs: add Common Issues section

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the TechProAcademy Repository

## Description

This repository is a collection of guides, links and tools that have or will be used throughout the TechProAcademy Bootcamp.

## Useful Links

[VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads) \
[Ubuntu 20.04 LTS](https://ubuntu.com/download/server#downloads) \
[Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) \
[MobaXterm](https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/download.html) - Alternatively use `ssh username@ip-address` for ssh connections.

## Installation

To get the repository, you can clone it using the following command:

```bash
sudo apt install git
git clone https://github.com/actuallylost/techpro.git
```

## Usage

You can run the installation script by typing the following:

```bash
bash install.sh
```

And then use the Shell GUI to install what is needed.

## Common Issues

Below are potential issues that you may encounter throughout the TechProAcademy Bootcamp:

**WIP**

## Contribution

If you would like to contribute to this repository, you can do so through pull requests. Fork the repository, make the changes, and then make a pull request with your changes.

## License

This repository is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. You can find the license in the LICENSE file.
